Allow respWriterWrapper to call ResponseWriter.WriteHeader multiple times (#3580)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068)

### Fixed

> - Enable `otelhttp.Handler` to propagate multiple WriteHeader calls while persisting initial statusCode in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#3580)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable `otelhttp.Handler` to propagate multiple `WriteHeader` calls while persisting the initial HTTP status code in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#3580)
```

Author: Thank you so much. I struggled so much finding the words to describe this tiny change.
